monitor the temperature in the sitting room .
increase the temperature and brightness of sitting room .
reduce the temperature in sitting room .
assign the temperature of the sitting room .
monitor the brightness of the sitting room .
turn down the brightness of sitting room .
assign the brightness of sitting room .
reduce the brightness of sitting room .
monitor the Particulate Matter2.5 of drawing room .
improve the air quality in the living room .
set the temperature of sitting room to 15 degrees centigrade .
set the brightness of sitting room to 30.
set the pm2.5 of sitting room to 4.
turn on the air conditioner and air purifier in the sitting room .
turn up the air-conditioning of living room .
open the air conditioner in the sitting room .
shut down the air conditioner in the sitting room .
set the temperature of the air conditioner in the sitting room to 25 .
turn the temperature of the air conditioner in the sitting room to 14 .
turn up the light of the living room.
turn the smart light of the sitting room on.
open the smart light in the sitting room .
turn down the light of sitting room .
shut down the smart light in the sitting room .
set the brightness of the smart light in the sitting room to 80 .
turn the brightness of the smart light in the sitting room to 78 .
turn on the air detector in the sitting room .
turn off the pm2.5 monitor in the sitting room .
open the Particulate Matter2.5 monitor in the sitting room .
shut down the air detector in the sitting room .
set the pm2.5 of the pm2.5 monitor in the sitting room to 14 .
turn the pm2.5 of the pm2.5 monitor in the sitting room to 12 .
turn on the air cleaner in the sitting room .
turn off the air purifier in the sitting room .
open the air purifier in the sitting room .
shut down both air purifier and air conditioner in the sitting room .
set the pm2.5 of the air purifier in the sitting room to 11 .
turn the pm2.5 of the air purifier in the sitting room to 12.
turn up the air-conditioning
increase the temperature of sitting room
set the temperature of sitting room to 20 degrees
set the temperature of living room to 19 degrees
shut down the air conditioner in the sitting room
turn down the temperature
turn off the air conditioner
turn off the light
turn off the smart light
increase the brightness of sitting room
reduce the brightness
turn off the smart light
turn off the smart light of sitting room
set the brightness of sitting room to 25
turn off the air purifier
turn off the air purifier
turn off the air purifier
turn on the air purifier
reduce the pm25 of the living room
turn on the air cleaner of the sitting room
open the air purifier
