monitor the temperature in the sitting room .
increase the temperature and brightness of sitting room .
reduce the temperature in sitting room .
assign the temperature of the sitting room .
monitor the brightness of the sitting room .
turn down the brightness of sitting room .
assign the brightness of sitting room .
reduce the brightness of sitting room .
monitor the Particulate Matter2.5 of drawing room .
improve the air quality in the living room .
set the temperature of sitting room to 15 degrees centigrade .
set the brightness of sitting room to 30.
set the pm2.5 of sitting room to 4.
turn on the air conditioner and air purifier in the sitting room .
turn up the air-conditioning of living room .
open the air conditioner in the sitting room .
shut down the air conditioner in the sitting room .
set the temperature of the air conditioner in the sitting room to 25 .
turn the temperature of the air conditioner in the sitting room to 14 .
turn up the light of the living room.
turn the smart light of the sitting room on.
open the smart light in the sitting room .
turn down the light of sitting room .
shut down the smart light in the sitting room .
set the brightness of the smart light in the sitting room to 80 .
turn the brightness of the smart light in the sitting room to 78 .
turn on the air detector in the sitting room .
turn off the pm2.5 monitor in the sitting room .
open the Particulate Matter2.5 monitor in the sitting room .
shut down the air detector in the sitting room .
set the pm2.5 of the pm2.5 monitor in the sitting room to 14 .
turn the pm2.5 of the pm2.5 monitor in the sitting room to 12 .
turn on the air cleaner in the sitting room .
turn off the air purifier in the sitting room .
open the air purifier in the sitting room .
shut down both air purifier and air conditioner in the sitting room .
set the pm2.5 of the air purifier in the sitting room to 11 .
turn the pm2.5 of the air purifier in the sitting room to 12.
How many degrees centigrade in the living room ?
what is the brightness in the sitting room ?
what is the air quality of the living room ?
is the air conditioner of sitting room working now?
is the air conditioner of sitting room cooling ?
is the air conditioner off ?
is the smart light on ?
is the smart light off ?
is the pm2.5 monitor on ?
is the pm2.5 monitor off ?
is the air cleaner on ?
is the air cleaner off ?
what is the status of the air conditioner ?
what is the status of the smart light ?
what is the status of the pm2.5 monitor ?
what is the status of the air purifier ?
what is the temperature of the air conditioner ?
what is the brightness of the smart light ?
what is the pm2.5 of the pm2.5 monitor ?
what is the pm2.5 of the air purifier ?
if the temperature in the sitting room is below 15 degrees , turn up the air-conditioning .
if the temperature in the sitting room is less than 16 degrees, increase the temperature of sitting room .
if the temperature in the sitting room is lower than 13 degrees, set the temperature of sitting room to 20 degrees .
if the temperature in the living room is above 27 degrees, set the temperature of living room to 19 degrees .
if the temperature in the sitting room is higher than 26 degrees centigrade , shut down the air conditioner in the sitting room .
if the temperature in the sitting room is more than 30 degrees, turn down the temperature.
if the temperature in the sitting room is between 12 degrees and 26 degrees , turn off the air conditioner.
if the sitting room is well lighted, turn off the light.
if the living room is bright, turn off the smart light . 
if the brightness in the sitting room is lower than 15, increase the brightness of sitting room .
if the brightness in the sitting room is above 30, reduce the brightness .
if the brightness in the sitting room is higher than 35,turn off the smart light .
if the brightness in the sitting room is more than 30,turn off the smart light of sitting room.
if the brightness in the sitting room is between 23 and 30,set the brightness of sitting room to 25.
if the pm2.5 in the sitting room is below 25,turn off the air purifier .
if the pm2.5 in the sitting room is less than 24 , turn off the air purifier . 
if the pm2.5 in the sitting room is lower than 30,turn off the air purifier . 
if the air quality of the sitting room is bad , turn on the air purifier . 
if the air in the living room is awful , reduce the pm2.5 of the living room.
if the pm2.5 in the sitting room is more than 50, turn on the air cleaner of the sitting room. 
if the pm2.5 in the sitting room is between 10 and 22, open the air purifier.