monitor the temperature of sitting room .
increase the temperature of sitting room .
reduce the temperature of sitting room .
assign the temperature of sitting room .
monitor the brightness of sitting room .
increase the brightness of sitting room .
turn up the brightness of sitting room .
assign the brightness of sitting room .
reduce the luminance of sitting room .
monitor the Particulate Matter 2.5 of sitting room .
reduce the pm2.5 of sitting room .
set the temperature of sitting room to x .
set the brightness of sitting room to x .
set the pm2.5 of sitting room to x .
turn the air conditioner of sitting room on . 
turn off the air conditioner in the living room . 
open the air conditioner in the sitting room .
shut down the air conditioner in the sitting room .
set the temperature of the air conditioning in the sitting room to x .
turn the temperature of the air conditioner in the sitting room to x .
turn on the smart light in the sitting room .
turn the smart light in the sitting room off .
open the smart light in the sitting room .
shut down the smart light in the sitting room .
set the brightness of the smart light in the sitting room to x .
turn the brightness of the smart light in the sitting room to x .
turn up the brightness of sitting room .
turn on the pm2.5 monitor in the sitting room .
turn off the pm2.5 monitor in the sitting room .
open the pm2.5 monitor in the sitting room .
shut down the pm2.5 monitor in the sitting room .
set the pm2.5 of the pm2.5 monitor in the sitting room to x .
turn the pm2.5 of the pm2.5 monitor in the sitting room to x .
turn on the air purifier in the sitting room .
turn off the air purifier in the sitting room .
open the air purifier in the sitting room .
shut down the air purifier in the sitting room .
set the pm2.5 of the air purifier in the sitting room to x .
turn the pm2.5 of the air purifier in the sitting room to x .
what is the temperature in the sitting room ?
what is the brightness in the living room ?
what is the pm2.5 in the sitting room ?
is the air conditioner on ?
is air conditioner off ?
is the smart light on ?
is the smart light off ?
is the pm2.5 monitor on ?
is the pm2.5 monitor off ?
is the air cleaner on ? 
is the air purifier off ?
what is the status of the air conditioner ?
what is the state of the smart light ?
what is the status of the pm2.5 monitor ?
what is the status of the air cleaner ?
what is the temperature of the air conditioner ?
what is the brightness of the smart light ?
what is the pm2.5 of the pm2.5 monitor ?
what is the pm2.5 of the air purifier ?
if the temperature of sitting room is below x, increase the temperature of sitting room.
if the temperature in the sitting room is less than x, increase the temperature of sitting room.
if the temperature in the drawing room is lower than x, increase the temperature of drawing room.
if the living room temperature is above x, reduce the temperature of sitting room . 
if the temperature in the sitting room is higher than x, reduce the temperature of sitting room .
if the temperature in the sitting room is more than x, reduce the temperature of sitting room .
if the temperature in the sitting room is between x and y,increase the temperature of sitting room .
if the luminance in the sitting room is below x, turn on the smart light in the sitting room. 
if the brightness in the sitting room is less than x, turn the smart light in the sitting room off .
if the brightness in the sitting room is lower than x, increase the brightness of sitting room .
if the luminance in the living room is above x, reduce the luminance of sitting room . 
if the living room is brighter than x, reduce the brightness of sitting room . 
if the brightness in the sitting room is more than x,reduce the brightness of sitting room .
if the brightness in the sitting room is between x and y,reduce the brightness of sitting room .
if the pm2.5 in the sitting room is below x,turn off the pm2.5 monitor in the sitting room .
if the pm2.5 in the sitting room is less than x,turn off the pm2.5 monitor in the sitting room .
if the pm2.5 in the drawing room is lower than x,turn off the pm2.5 monitor in the drawing room .
if the pm2.5 in the sitting room is above x, turn the air purifier in the sitting room on.
if the pm2.5 in the sitting room is higher than x,turn on the air purifier in the sitting room .
if the pm2.5 in the sitting room is more than x,turn on the air purifier in the sitting room .
if the pm2.5 in the sitting room is between x and y, turn off the air purifier in the sitting room .