monitor the temperature of sitting room .
increase the temperature of sitting room .
reduce the temperature of sitting room .
assign the temperature of sitting room .
monitor the brightness of sitting room .
increase the brightness of sitting room .
turn up the brightness of sitting room .
assign the brightness of sitting room .
reduce the luminance of sitting room .
monitor the Particulate Matter 2.5 of sitting room .
reduce the pm2.5 of sitting room .
set the temperature of sitting room to x .
set the brightness of sitting room to x .
set the pm2.5 of sitting room to x .
turn the air conditioner of sitting room on .
turn off the air conditioner in the living room .
open the air conditioner in the sitting room .
shut down the air conditioner in the sitting room .
set the temperature of the air conditioning in the sitting room to x .
turn the temperature of the air conditioner in the sitting room to x .
turn on the smart light in the sitting room .
turn the smart light in the sitting room off .
open the smart light in the sitting room .
shut down the smart light in the sitting room .
set the brightness of the smart light in the sitting room to x .
turn the brightness of the smart light in the sitting room to x .
turn up the brightness of sitting room .
turn on the pm2.5 monitor in the sitting room .
turn off the pm2.5 monitor in the sitting room .
open the pm2.5 monitor in the sitting room .
shut down the pm2.5 monitor in the sitting room .
set the pm2.5 of the pm2.5 monitor in the sitting room to x .
turn the pm2.5 of the pm2.5 monitor in the sitting room to x .
turn on the air purifier in the sitting room .
turn off the air purifier in the sitting room .
open the air purifier in the sitting room .
shut down the air purifier in the sitting room .
set the pm2.5 of the air purifier in the sitting room to x .
turn the pm2.5 of the air purifier in the sitting room to x .
increase the temperature of sitting room
increase the temperature of sitting room
increase the temperature of drawing room
reduce the temperature of sitting room
reduce the temperature of sitting room
reduce the temperature of sitting room
increase the temperature of sitting room
turn on the smart light in the sitting room
turn the smart light in the sitting room off
increase the brightness of sitting room
reduce the luminance of sitting room
reduce the brightness of sitting room
reduce the brightness of sitting room
reduce the brightness of sitting room
turn off the pm25 monitor in the sitting room
turn off the pm25 monitor in the sitting room
turn off the pm25 monitor in the drawing room
turn the air purifier in the sitting room on
turn on the air purifier in the sitting room
turn on the air purifier in the sitting room
turn off the air purifier in the sitting room
